4 layers
application
transport 
network
link

link layer:
	packets with headers saying the start and the destination.
		data    	from  to
	carry the data one link at a time.
	wi-fi like local
network: (layer 3
	from end to end
	network layer in the router tells the link layer where to go 
	Special 	IP 	packets can be ruined
	'route the data packets through various routers 

physical layer above

transport:
	TCP  Transmission Control Protocol UDP user datagram protocol 	(not ensured)
	ensure correctness by transmitting many times
	
application:
	specific ways to transmit data, like syntax
	http bit-torrent
ABSTRACTION HERE like barriers

http ftp
tcp udp rtp	determines what to send 

ip(single
wifi 4g		how to send






layer 3 
network	IP service
data 				hdr		 ip hdr		 link hdr
property:
	datagram
	unreliable
	best effort (drop the data when it feels such like it's full
	connectionless(no pre-flow state don't know just do
why  simple?
	the end-to-end principle:where possible, implement features in 		the end hosts.
	allow varieties of reliable services (or unreliable)
details:
	1.prevent looping forever (adding 'time to live' ttl 128-- when 0 	it drops it. ensure efficency.
	2.fragment packets if they are too long
	3.uses a header checksum to reduce chances of delivering 	datagram to ering destination
	4.ipv4 32 bits  and ipv6 versions
	5.new options to be added to header


ip just ensures it could transmit, while tcp and above ensures more
ip acts more like postman, while tcp like administration.
the life of packets
TCP byte stream
	'TCP acts like a postmaster for internet communication. '
	3-way handshake
	'syc,syc ack, ack' 'CLIENT to SERVER'
2 addresses  
	ip & tcp port(server 80 usually)
inside each hop
	router has an address
	and a forwarding table, find best suit patern for a particular packet
	default route the least specific one 
firstly 3 handshakes

packet switching
definition:independently for each arriving packet, pick its outgoing link. if the link is free, send it. Else hold the packet for later.
self-routing
the packet contains dest c b a
simple one raises big security issues, so we store several in Switch dest&hop , so it checks
a flow is a collection of datagrams belonging to the same end-to-end communication, e.g. a tcp connection.
no per-flow state reaquired
data traffic is bursty
	-packet switching  allows flows o use all available link capacity
	-allows flows to share link capacity.
called Statiscal Multiplexing
the idea is prevent from nuclear attacks!
so efficiency and non-dependency
---now dots, after pictures---



